hi i'm jimmy i'm the host of the show
thanks for watching
uh that's very nice uh i really i hope
you brought your lobster
[Applause]
we have a wall-to-wall show for you
tonight starting with mark wahlberg and
ending with the wall flowers and the
secret service
is in the building too because you know
donald trump was always asking
where hunter is well he's here in our
building he's
been here the whole time it turns out
son of joe hunter biden is with us to
hunters here promoting his new memoir in
which he
chronicles among other things his crack
addiction this book is wild
he bought crack right on here on our
block can you imagine that
crack in this neighborhood of
all places that has to be fake news
anyway um i have many questions for
hunter and since he's here
i'll ask them and hey you know who else
is writing a book mike
pence the former vice poodle is putting
pence to paper he signed a two-book deal
with simon and schuster
i wonder if he knows they're a gay
couple simon and shoestrings
um a release date has not yet been
announced but the title
has it's gonna be called ass kisser and
i like it it's simple it's to the point
pence's publisher calls this the
definitive book on one of the most
consequential presidencies in american
history oh it was consequential all
right it was
i agree with that the book will cover
not just pence's time in the white house
but his whole life including traumatic
family events like the time he saw
mother without her bonnet and
he even opens up about the time in
college he experimented with almond milk
so
i can't wait i look forward to this will
be the only time pages
got whiter afterwards were printed on
them
speaking of wild and crazy guys there's
a new wrinkle in the ongoing drama
surrounding florida congressman matt
gates
federal investigators are reportedly
looking into a trip
gates took to the bahamas a couple of
years ago and whether or not one of his
associates paid travel and other
expenses
for female escorts which be it would be
a violation
of sex trafficking laws the cbs news
report
says gates was on the trip with a guy
named jason pirazzolo
who's a hand surgeon and marijuana
entrepreneur
by the way if your hand surgeon is also
a marijuana
entrepreneur probably a good idea to
learn to write with your feet
but a spokesperson from matt gates's
office said and i quote matt gates has
never
paid for sex imagine having to tell your
spokesperson to say that hey
spokesperson
tell him i never paid for sex you tell
them
i don't know i don't want to tell them
it's your job fine i'll tell them but we
also learned today that another friend
and close associate of gates seems
likely to strike a deal with
prosecutors joel greenberg he's seen
here with gates and pardon criminal
roger stone
seems to know a lot about gates's
extracurricular activities he is in hot
water too
and with that said i present fritz
scheller attorney-in-law because he
can't have a story
like this one without a lawyer with
crazy hair
does matt gates have anything to worry
about does
matt gates that is such a bright
um when it comes to what happened today
does he
uh have anything to worry about
and you're asking me to get into the
mind of matt gates
right and uh well from your mind
from my mind
based on what my client knows okay
i'm sure matt gates is not feeling very
comfortable today
yeah i think he gets paid by the hour is
what happened
now might be a fun time to remind people
of this tweet matt gates posted just
before michael cohen testified in
congress about his former boss
donald trump hey michael cohen do you
your wife and father-in-law know about
your girlfriends maybe tonight would be
a good time for that chad
i wonder if she'll remain faithful while
you're in prison she's about to learn a
lot
oh karma you old rascal
nat your to any underage girls or
secularly
all right so i'm just going to let you
sit down there
and so i can look over your head and
ignore that question
all right well at least he's having fun
with this well good luck to matt gates
maybe he just loves trump so much he
wants to go to jail with him
is that possible much of the country
is opening uh whether we should be
opening or not the state of georgia
today lifted all remaining covet
restrictions which means georgians
will now be free to get the virus
anywhere at any time from anyone
governor brian kemp said they decided to
do away with the restrictions because
hard-working georgians
cannot endure another year like last and
if they get covered they might not have
to
uh it's always interesting to compare
where we
are now to where we were 12 months ago
and with that said it's time to fire up
the time capsule for a peek at what was
in the news one year ago this week
in tonight's edition of this week in
covet history
this week in covet history it's april
british prime minister boris johnson is
in the hospital the city of angels has
the cleanest air
and everyone is head over heels for gay
polygamous tiger owning felons
in other words everything is
luckily things are starting to look up
we are inching closer and closer to
beating this virus
it feels like we're seeing the light at
the end of this tunnel there is
light at the end of the tunnel things
are going really well
again light at the end of the tunnel
what you're hearing about light at the
end of the tunnel doesn't take away from
the fact that tomorrow the next day it's
going to look really bad
all right dr boner killer how bad is it
going to get
the minimum number was 100 000 lives and
i think we'll be
substantially under that number less
than 100
000 deaths no problem if we can stay
substantially under the hundred which
was the original projection
uh i think we all did a very good job
yes great work team
this has been this week in covet history
well you know what they say hindsight
is infuriating it's funny to me even
though we have all that stuff on tape
but with trump saying covet will be over
by easter to light at the tunnel
predicting less than a hundred thousand
deaths
there are people who still support him
and think he did a great job
even to the point where it damages them
personally like mike lindell you know
that mike lindell america's favorite
pillow merchant
he claims that after kohl's and bed bath
and beyond
pulled his my pillows from their shelves
his company suffered a loss of 65
million dollars in revenue
which is a lot of dollars so i thought
it might be interesting to check in with
mike
who we've never had on the show before
and so we we reached out now from a
location unknown
mike lindell from my pillow my mike
are you there mike oh i said
you know if that means you're not a cow
this is me that i'm not a farmer you try
telling that
to millions of people out there that are
honest mike
mike it's it's jimmy kimmel can you hear
me mr president
no not mr president it's jimmy kimmel
who
jimmy kimmel i don't care for him oh
well
okay oh i am him and uh we're on the
show and i have some questions for you
uh okay mike yeah great that's good okay
is it
is it true that mike pillow lost 65
million dollars in revenue because of
these
conspiracy things i tell you that is so
true my company my pillow which makes
the most beautiful
softball rubber sacks stuffed with
passion
by white people in my home state of
minnesota
we suffered a 65 million dollar loss
because
left-wing media outlets have painted a
picture of me
as some kind of crackpot even though i
haven't done crack or
pot in a year yeah well
is it possible that people think you're
crazy because you
often say crazy things no that's just
you better watch it or i'll get your ip
address you hear me
you punk yeah okay the only thing crazy
i see around here is dominion
dominion is building voting machines
that only cast ballots for
democrats okay instead of what they
should be working on
which is what which is robots that can
tell if you're a gay
oh i lost 65 million bucks and i tell
you what i'd happily lose 65 million
more if that's the cost of telling the
american people the truth
okay and the truth is joe biden's dogs
are covert operatives here to steal
state secrets
and sell them to chinese barisma
holdings
to buy these q-tips
you know cue yeah yeah these are his
tips
oh these are his tips but how can we go
one week
but what was that you were saying about
chinese charisma they've got holdings
oh why don't you ask your buddy hunter
biden about barisma holdings
what is barisma holding and why won't
anybody hold me
my pillows are guaranteed i know i know
they're guaranteed but let's not
focus on pillows and that's illegal by
the way i understand you
bring your guys after me for that i dare
you okay
now i heard you're about to launch your
own social media network called frank
what can you tell us about that
yeah that's right i can tell you
everything about that
frank will have no content or content
restrictions whatsoever
this is america and freedom means being
free to post anything you want
conspiracy theories beheading videos
those tick tocks where the girls dance
and make faces but they don't move their
feet
you watch those foods no i can't say
that i do
holy hell jimmy let me tell you they get
me hard i'll tell you
oh as hard as my pillows are soft okay
well mike i
i'm not yeah i don't even need
youtube or twitter anymore because i
called my nephew judo
and i said make me a website that's
better than both of them combined
and can handle a billion people and then
the light went dead
because my jitterbug phone is being
shadow banned by
boost mobile what but you know he's
working on it
and he said he'll have us up and running
and anguing
okay now i i did hear i heard you're
giving bonuses to people
on your new network if they can get
kicked off
youtube is that true yeah that's true
that is true i'm giving out bonuses to
anyone kicked off youtube
and anyone who gets kicked out of a
starbucks for blowing in a stranger's
ear
okay all right all right
so yes have you ever seen those tick
tocks where the little girl the girlies
they dance and they make faces but they
don't move their feet
holy hell i tell you it makes me hard
yeah
very good talking to you mike i
appreciate it you haven't spoken to me
since 2002. oh i'm so sorry to hear that
thank you for joining hey what's with
the pigeons in the cage there
pigeons are a symbol of quality every my
pillow is stuck with a hundred percent
new york city pigeon feathers
guaranteed okay well that is disgusting
thank you
thank
god all you that's my pillows i'm coming
for you next
okay that's mike lindell my pillow guy
thank you very much
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and this is the
internet i made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it